1)Once Doctor confirms Done with the patient , in the doctor patient card also add a chip similar to Visit Done - date -time
            2. Once a patient is with doctor and doctor start consultation , that specific patient card in the cliic admin dashboard should show the same highlight border till the doctor clicks done with the patient
            3. In the patient card in clinic dash board show the bill button below only if there is an active bill - like a bill is prepared in the billing tab in popup
            4. In the clinic admin dash -patient card - billing section , load prescription should be shown if there is and active bill , first the admin should add a new bill , or an active bill
            5. In the patient card clinic dashboard , once visit done the cancel button from bottom should be replaced with a schedule new appoint ment , also in the popup actions reschedule appointment should be a new appointment and once done it should be treated as a new appointment
            6. Once the visit is done in the action button again we should not change the doctor because the visit is already done
            7. The request digital content is seen in overview sectio and action section -keep it only in the action section
            8. In the clinic admin patient card - popup overview optimise the section appointment and patient section add or remove data as per the requirement also optimise the ux
        1. In the doctor dashboard patient card - popup - prescription , when doctor starts typing and if existing medicine populated and clicking on it not auto populating the prescription fields its empty
        2. n the doctor dashboard patient card - popup - prescription , whiled editing a prescription edit in the same window inline instead of opening a new window above
        3. n the doctor dashboard patient card - popup -diagnosis - while editing the diagnosis - a new edit window opens above - at that time we can hide the active diagnosis and once updated it can show back - because it might be confusing to users
        4. In the clinic/doctor admin - patient card and popup - use all icon set , fonts styles design as mentioned in and should be consistent - docs/agent-screen-design-prompt.md
        5. In the clinic admin - patient card once the digital consent it signed it show signed in the header , I guess we can move it to the card body under the visit done tab or something and show status as digital consent sent/notsent/signed status 
        6. In the book a slot section both in patient flow and admin flow if the current time is after the slot timing it should automatically disabled the old slot
        7. When clinic admin books a slot it should be auto confirmed